Newspaper A
newspaper1.png
"World cheers as Solution promises to solve everything. Waste skyrockets as ByoLogyc's stocks soar."

Newspaper B
newspaper2.png
"Scientists concerned about growing threat from radiation. Is going into space the answer?"

Newspaper C
newspaper3.png
"Standoff between nations 'cannot last forever', says official. 'The threat of mass destruction is too great.'"

Battery
battery.png
The dangerous chemicals within have long since leaked out and poisoned a really cute bunny.

Brownie
brownie.png
Are those marshmallows on top? Who puts marshmallows on top of a brownie? Get this filth away from me.

Cupcake
cupcake.png
Baked by Mrs Matheson, to apologize for that thing that happened with the Palmerston boy's puppy.

Muffin
muffin.png
Don't eat it! This thing is positively brimming with toxic radiation. Plus, it's like a thousand years old.

Creme Brulee
cremebrule.png
It was actually just a normal pudding, but passed dangerously close to the sun.

Gross Food
rottenfooda.png
Flash-frozen in time at the moment of the incident. Whoever was about to eat it was probably thankful.

Rotten Food
rottenfoodb.png
Spent half a year inside a fridge, and half a century orbiting Jupiter.

Crumpled Map
crumpledmap.png
You don't really need to know where you're going, because it's no longer there.

Photograph
photograph.png
A memory no longer remembered by anyone.

Small Jewel
smalljewel.png
The miner who dug this up went on to own a really sweet preowned Hyundai Impala, but died in a car accident.

Dead Bug A
deadbuga.png
Capable of surviving toxic bug spray, nuclear attacks, and ice ages; not capable of surviving a black hole.

Dead Bug B
deadbugb.png
Worked on his PhD for ten years. Died 2 months away from completion. Wouldn't have changed a thing.

Jar of Tears
jaroftears.png
Can be dried and refined to produce the most delicious salt you'll ever taste.

Jar of Toenails
jaroftoenails.png
Look how big some of these are. Why would anyone wait so long between trimming their toenails?

Jar of Urine
jarofurine.png
Totally sterile, but drinking this is frowned upon by most.

Jar of Brain
jarofbrain.png
Still believes it is a professor of English at a small midwestern university.

Lunchbox
lunchbox.png
He took this to school everyday, where he dreamed of changing the world, and stumbled across his own ambition.

Stained Pillow
stainedpillow.png
Laboratory scientists have confirmed that there are 3 unique kinds of stains from 3 unique kinds of fluid.

Small Engine
smallbrokenengine.png
The warships sent by the Eurasian Alliance were the weakest of the bunch, with teensy little fusion cores.

Rubber Ducky
ducky.png
The duck has seen a lot. Be careful about stirring up painful memories.

Bowler Hat
bowler.png
These were coming back into fashion at the time, and he wore it to his first day on the job at ByoLogyc.

Dead Goldfish
fishbowl.png
She watched the news; she read the paper; she saw what was coming; and she chose to end things on her own terms.

Magazine A
magazine1.png
"Inside the New Trash Economy: How the Solution has made reckless waste into the key for prosperity."

Magazine B
magazine2.png
"The Hunk Behind the Junk: An exclusive interview with ByoLogyc's visionary CEO."

Magazine C
magazine3.png
"Star Wars: Multinational forces feud over who has claim to mankind's greatest invention, now that it's in space."

Love Letter
loveletter.png
"It hurts to leave, but I have to go where the machine goes. If you get lonely, just look up. I won't be far. -M"

Moldy Teddy Bear
moldyteddy.png
Those beady little eyes stare deep into your soul. They know. They judge. They condemn.
