Science Textbook
sciencetext.png
"Sustainable Energy Systems and Applications". Handwritten on the inside cover: "What about trash?"

Cookbook
cookbook.png
Trout-Glazed Beet Souffle / Massaged Duck Roast / Tutti-Frutti Quinoa in Fun Sauce / Quietly Disapproving Foie Gras.

Comic
comic.png
Number 3 in the shortlived, but critically acclaimed, Batman / APA DSM-5 crossover series.

Commemorative Poster
poster.png
"The Solution: Saviour of Humanity. Celebrate with the world as we enter a new era, this spring!"

Robot Arm
robotarm.png
Capable of distributing high fives at a rate of 50,000 HFpS with minimal amputations.

Robot Head
robothead.png
Capable of saying that it loves you, but does not actually love you.

Robot Leg
robotleg.png
Capable of executing over one thousand preprogrammed dance routines, but not of impressing anyone.

Robot Heart
robotheart.png
Capable of containing the ghost of a person who believed they were a robot when they were alive.

Human Head
humanhead.png
You can stick your hand in the neck, like a puppet. "Hi, I'm a human! Give me a banana for eating! LOL."

Sectoid Head
alienhead.png
They were all sentenced to decapitation after stealing the Grand Matriarch's Warp Nut, so there you go.

Sasquatch Head
sasquatch.png
Turns out he was floating in space, mysteriously separated from his body, all along!

Broken Cell Phone
brokencellphone.png
With the increased need for trash imposed by the Solution, people started upgrading their phones once a month.

Broken Tablet
brokentablet.png
It's not a phone. It's not a laptop. It's the future! Wait, no, it's broken.

Flash Drive
flashdrive.png
50 gigs of experimental data on black holes, 20 gigs on chronodisplaced refuse, and 300 gigs of ultraporn.

Broken Laser Gun
brokenlasergun.png
Championed by gun lobbyists as a higly effective hunting tool, for its ability to set entire forests on fire.

War Bonds
crumpledwarbonds.png
"Help us seize control from the monsters who think that they should be the ones to have control."

Medium Jewel
mediumjewel.png
100 percent organic, extracted from the droppings of a free-range Porcelain Hen. Great with a side of bismuth!

Giant Eyeball
gianteyeball.png
They just swim around in deep space, feeding off solar wind, and making everyone feel really uncomfortable.

Gold Ring
goldring.png
Another failed marriage. He came to realize there was no time for people, if the future was to be seized.

Medium Engine
mediumbrokenengine.png
Panamerica deployed respectable warships during the Great Standoff, but failed to achieve military supremacy.

Tiny Coffin
tinycoffin.png
You'd think it contains a tiny person, or maybe an animal, but it's just stuffed with soiled cotton balls.

Waffle Iron
waffleiron.png
Waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles, waffles!

Ball Of Energy
ballofenergy.png
An advanced form of dangerous radiation outputted by the Solution, after input levels reached a critical volume.

Exhausted Junkbot
deadjunkbot.png
"Death is nothing to us, since when we are, death has not come, and when death has come, we are not." 

Business Card
businesscard.png
CEO, ByoLogyc. Written on the back: "If control cannot be shared, then no control shall be had."

Tie Pin
tiepin.png
A lucky charm. He wore this at the press conference where they first announced the Solution, and he saw the world shift.

Notebook A
notebook1.png
"If the theory holds up, we can use it all - dig up all the landfills, it all goes in the machine. And end to waste!"

Notebook B
notebook2.png
"...confusing, if a black hole implodes, it's like a double implosion, and sorta wraps around back to an explosion..."

Notebook C
notebook3.png
"RISK OF TEMPORAL FUSION -- [a lot of mathematical scribbles] [in margin: 'every piece of trash from EVERY TIME']"

Model Earth
modelearth.png
A model of what we believe the Earth looked like. Note the unusual lack of ice caps, rich forest area, and dignity.
