Broken Plasma Gun
brokenplasmagun.png
Capable of burning down forests at a speed 100 times higher than traditional laser technology.

Space Torpedo
brokentorpedo.png
The increased activity of space whales in this sector is likely due to their affinity for snacking on these.

Nuclear Bomb
nuclearbomb.png
You know that thing we're totally doing all the time? Yeah, you should totally not do that. It's really bad.

Big Broken Engine
bigbrokenengine.png
The Greater Chinese Coalition, of course, had the best ships, but too few of them to overcome the stalemate. 

Landscape Painting
landscapepaint.png
A pastoral scene: rolling hills, grazing sheep, distant mountains like a dream. Did it ever really exist?

Teastain Painting
teapaint.png
Considered the pinnacle of human artistic achievement. 

Satellite
satelite.png
Circled the Earth 1,253,285 times. Never read a single book.

Advanced Battery
futurebattery.png
Created with access to free, unlimited energy. Licking it will either vaporize you, or erase you from history.

Big Jewel
bigjewel.png
Looks like a giant, juicy strawberry. But if you try to eat it, you'll shatter your jaw and curse your ancestors.

Karma Chameleon
karmachameleon.png
She can see into you, and past you. Does she approve? Can you prove your worth to her? Will you die trying?

Toxic Space Jelly
toxicspacejelly.png
Its sting sends you to an alternate dimension where time is a weird goo that you have to push your way through.

Videocassette
vhs.png
There is literally no way to ever know what's on this, but we should probably keep it, because just in case.

Pot of Gold
potofgold.png
Was not at the end of the rainbow; was at the end of a galaxy-level catastrophe and mass extinction.

Black Hole in a Jar
blackhole.png
Presumed to be a sample from the heart of the Solution's reactor. 

Nameplate 
deskname.png
It sat on his desk, in the control room of the orbital station, just a few meters away from the button.

Diamond Ring
diamondring.png
Engraved on inside: "We built a future for everyone, together. Now let's build our own. -M"

Lady Liberty's Head
libertyhead.png
You maniacs! You blew it up! Oh, damn you! God damn you all to hell!

Sphinx's Head
sphinxhead.png
So mysterious. So enigmatic. So pissed off.

Self-Destruct Button
redbutton.png
"It became necessary to destroy the world in order to save it." 

Generator
techthing.png
Part of the reactor's actual infrastructure. The most important invention in all of human history.

Flux Capacitor
fluxcapacitor.png
They were so close to being able to fix all of their mistakes!

DNA Helix
dna.png
We could grow a new one, if we wanted to. But why take the risk?

Book on Earth
earthbook.png
Assembled by archaeologists. p52- The role of car bumpers. p1185- Slavery. p7123- The right way to peel a banana.

Mysterious Capsule
mysteriouscapsule.png
"Remember us." -The jerks of Planet Earth
